two
all right
i
ah
very good on youtube the yes of more front
as you carry it for 2,900 makes
we are in a new video new game
for android this time as you can
see on our screens the game is
flame flying see 3d from a famous flap
and see how they have released this version in
3-d and well it caught my attention and
I wanted to teach it to everyone and I'm not going to
to play I will not be able to make a
good demonstration because it's going really
slow on the computer I'm simulating
with a program and it's going really slow and
be in 3d because the thing is complicated but
well , nothing happens I will I teach one
little and that 's it
we have to handle this bird going on
for some super mario pipes
going through those pipes
and well trying to pass the biggest
number of possible pipes we are going to
handle with the left mouse button
and she's already already crashes me once
impossible is impossible
I on my mobile or I started playing
almost two days and I already have a record of 15
if it is not easy and it is not easy
there you see
and there I have a record of two I do not know
how do I have two but good
it is very difficult
I do not know why that comes out
and on the mobile or mobile phone here and in
the mobile does not
It seems a bit absurd to me to do that
but webb
the damn publicity
well can this go to the game simply
of that without saying more than I hope
that you like as always in each game
android I leave the description of the video
so you can download it
you can also play it
then nothing people a greeting and practice
with this game and wish and I think
I was passing
because hooked on this game is
addictive and although you shit on everything is
addictive is addictive as a greeting
Greetings to all I hope that I have
liked like comment what you want
also and until next time
bye